Adding examples for python V2 Durable entities (#117053)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-entities.md

};
```
::: zone-end  
::: zone pivot="python"

# [v2](#tab/python-v2)

```python

> # An HTTP-Triggered Function with a Durable Functions Client to read a value on a durable entity 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An HTTP-Triggered Function with a Durable Functions Client to retrieve the state of a durable entity
```

> [!NOTE]
> JavaScript does not currently support signaling an entity from an orchestrator. Use `callEntity` instead.
::: zone-end  
::: zone pivot="python"

# [v2](#tab/python-v2)

```python
@myApp.orchestration_trigger(context_name="context")
def orchestrator(context: df.DurableOrchestrationContext):

>     logging.info("Orch entity started")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    logging.info("Orch entity started")
```

Author: resolved with manual 0d91333813b9f5ad2165330cab58024b68848e5a (removing logging msg on orchestrator)

    entityId = df.EntityId("Counter", "myCounter")
    context.signal_entity(entityId, "add", 3)

>     logging.info("Orch signal entity")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    logging.info("signaled entity")
```
